Extend core ideas documentation (#3405)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/92-development/02-core-ideas.md

# Core ideas

> - A (e.g. pipeline) configuration should never be [turing complete](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_completeness) (We have agents to exec things 🙂).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A configuration (e.g. of a pipeline) should never be [turing complete](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_completeness) (We have agents to exec things 🙂).
```

- If possible, follow the [KISS principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle).

> - What is used most should be default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What is used most often should be default.
```

- Keep different topics separated, so you can write plugins, port new ideas ... more easily, see [Architecture](./05-architecture.md).

## Addons and extensions

> If you wonder whether your contribution will be accepted to be merged into our core or it's better to write it as an
> [addon](../30-administration/75-addons/00-overview.md), [extension](../30-administration/100-external-configuration-api.md) or an
> [external custom backend](../30-administration/22-backends/50-custom-backends.md), please check these points:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are wondering whether your contribution will be accepted to be merged in the Woodpecker core, or whether it's better to write an
[addon](../30-administration/75-addons/00-overview.md), [extension](../30-administration/100-external-configuration-api.md) or an
[external custom backend](../30-administration/22-backends/50-custom-backends.md), please check these points:
```

> - Is your change very specific to your setup and won't likely be used by anybody else?
> - Does your change violate the [guidelines](#guidelines)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is your change very specific to your setup and unlikely to be used by anyone else?
- Does your change violate the [guidelines](#guidelines)?
```

> Both should be false if you open a pull request to get your change into the core repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both should be false when you open a pull request to get your change into the core repository.
```
